last of 1.55.0 doc (#3464)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/get-started/core-concepts/_refresh-token-settings.mdx

  <APIField name="Refresh token usage" optional defaults="Reusable">
    The <InlineField>Refresh token usage</InlineField> may be reusable or one time use. By default, a token is reusable and the token does not change after it was issued. With a one time use token, the token value will be changed each time the token is used to refresh a JWT. This means the client must store the new value after each use.
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="One-time use grace period" optional defaults="0">

>     When <InlineField>Refresh token usage</InlineField> is set to `Reusable`, you may optionally set the grace period to something greater than `0` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When <InlineField>Refresh token usage</InlineField> is set to `One-time use`, you may optionally set the grace period to something greater than `0` seconds.
```

>     The grace period is the length of time specified in seconds that a one time use token can be re-used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The grace period is the length of time specified in seconds that a one time use token can be reused.
```

>     This value must be greater than `0` and less than `86,400` which is equal to 24 hours. Setting this value to `0` effectively disables the grace period which means a one-time token may not be reused. For security reasons, you should keep this value as small as possible, and only increase past `0` to improve reliability for an asynchronous or clustered integration that may require a brief grace period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This value must be greater than `0` and less than `86400` which is equal to 24 hours. Setting this value to `0` effectively disables the grace period which means a one-time token may not be reused. For security reasons, you should keep this value as small as possible, and only increase past `0` to improve reliability for an asynchronous or clustered integration that may require a brief grace period.
```

>     Note that one-time use tokens refreshed within a grace period are not considered for revocation when the Tenant Refresh Token Revocation Policy is configured to revoke a one-time use refresh token on re-use. When a token is re-used within the grace period the current token will be returned on the API response and the token will not be rotated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that one-time use tokens refreshed within a grace period are not considered for revocation when the Tenant Refresh Token Revocation Policy is configured to revoke a one-time use refresh token on reuse. When a token is reused within the grace period the current token will be returned on the API response and the token will not be rotated.
```
